Are you worthy of me?
Lin Yue Tong Tong
I didn't mean to.
I don't want to hurt you!
Why don't you want to hurt me? Just admit it, right?
I consider you my best friend
You treat me like this
Tongtong
Sorry.
But Brother Xiaoyu and I are truly in love
Did you do it on purpose?
You put the hotel in one place
You played me around like a fool
Xu Zeyu
You are really good
Don't blame Brother Xiaoyu anymore
Blame me
Aren't we good sisters?
You give me Brother Xiaoyu to fulfill me
It's equivalent to fulfilling the three of us
Li Yue, you are at your worst
I pulled you out of the abyss with one hand
But Brother Xiaoyu doesn't love you anymore
Xu Zeyu
You talk
You dare to do it or admit it, right?
Stop making trouble, okay?
I make trouble
My husband slept with my best friend
You told me to stop making trouble
I'll give you one more chance.
Do you choose him or me?